stocks bonds and other paper assets are
all interconnected
once one domino falls the rest will
follow suit you came here for the truth
I have a very quick video today let's
begin looking at this world's largest
money market fund will lower its returns
and shed risk so we're looking at this
out of China here the manager of the
world's largest money market fund said
it would take steps to reduce risk of
its investments and lower the lotta
yields to help draw in some money
that this company here having more than
200 billion dollars in assets in this
particular fund they are making changes
to comply with the Chinese regulators
this doesn't surprise me one bit when
you look at what has been happening in
recent years we have to understand that
they've been relaxing the rules for too
long now they realized oh we've taken a
lot of risk and things aren't looking
very pretty and it's not me saying that
even mainstream is starting to say that
now that we've taken a little too much
risk you know it's time to just you know
step back just a little bit don't worry
about anything but let's just calm down
well it doesn't really work like that
because once you've jumped over the
cliff you're not gonna make your way
back so that's money market funds it's
all part of the same compost heap it's
all part of the same garbage paper
assets that are all interconnected if
you don't think that you need to get
your history books out and do a little
studying China has largely blocked the
whatsapp messaging app latest move by
Beijing to step up the surveillance
ahead of a big Communist Party gathering
next month the way they did this was
interesting see now what's app is
encrypted so your messages are encrypted
in there however
they've actually been able to stop it
from working so they may not be able to
necessarily block the app you might be
able to open the app but your
transmissions are blocked so I want you
to remember that with encryption as well
that nothing is 100% okay that's all I
wanted to mention with this that's all
Deloitte is hit by a cyberattack
revealing clients secret emails okay
we're hearing about this once a week now
that there are companies out there
getting hacked the data is stolen the
reason I mentioned this is because we
have had the exact same thing happening
over and over and again our data is in
their databases and they are maybe
they're doing it on purpose
maybe they're not maybe this is just
some hacker I don't know why it's
happening or how it's happening or
anything all I know is that people's
information is being stolen and this is
what happens when we give up our
information so if you ever have a chance
to reject it when somebody's asking for
something if you could reject it maybe
saying no is the best idea that's up to
you to decide all I wanted to note is
that we are basically giving them
everything we have in hopes that or
maybe in the ignorance of nothing's ever
gonna go wrong well we can see over and
over again that's not true
so that's all for this video just a
quick one if you found it informative
please give me a thumbs up if you like
my blocked up nose give me a thumbs down
alright that's all for this video if you
found it informative then I know you'll
find my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative you can look through
these books at Amazon they have a look
inside feature which is allowing you to
do that the links are in the description
below take care